README.md, before:

# Python Programming Topics

This repository contains a comprehensive list of topics covered in Python programming, ideal for learners and educators alike. Below is an outline of the topics and associated lectures.

## Topics Covered in Easy and Medium

1. **String, fstrings** ------------------Lecture 1 to 3
2. **Arithmetic and math related** -------Lecture 4 to 7
3. **Logical operators** -----------------Lecture 8
4. **Ternary operators** -----------------Lecture 9
5. **String Methods** --------------------Lecture 10 to 11
6. **Format Specifiers** -----------------Lecture 12
7. **Loops** -----------------------------Lecture 13 to 14
8. **Collections (List, Tuples, Sets)** --Lecture 15
9. **Exercise Programs (Collections)** ---Lecture 16
10. **Two Dimensional (Collections)** ----Lecture 17
11. **Quiz Game using (Collections)** ----Lecture 18
12. **Dictionaries (Collections)** -------Lecture 19
13. **Concession Stand (Dictionaries)** --Lecture 20
14. **Random Numbers Program** -----------Lecture 21
15. **Numbers Guessing Game** ------------Lecture 22
16. **Rock Paper Scissors** --------------Lecture 23
17. **Functions** ------------------------Lecture 24
18. **Iterables** ------------------------Lecture 25
19. **Membership Operators** -------------Lecture 26
20. **List Comprehensions** --------------Lecture 27
21. **Match Case Statement(Switch Case)**-Lecture 28
22. **Module** ---------------------------Lecture 29
23. **Variable Scope Scope Resolution** --Lecture 30
24. **Banking Program**-------------------Lecture 31
25. **Python Slot Machine(Game)**---------Lecture 32
26. **Object Oriented Programming**-------Lecture 35
27. **Class Variables**-------------------Lecture 36
28. **Inheritance**-----------------------Lecture 37
29. **Shopping Program**------------------Lecture 38
30. **Types of Inheritances**-------------Lecture 39
31. **Super Method**----------------------Lecture 40
32. **PolyMorphism (Duck Typing)**--------Lecture 41
33. **Static Methods**--------------------Lecture 42
34. **Class Methods**---------------------Lecture 43
35. **Magic Methods(Dunder Methods)**-----Lecture 44
36. **@ Property **-----------------------Lecture 45
37. **Decorators **-----------------------Lecture 46
38. **Exception Handling**----------------Lecture 47
39. **File Detection**--------------------Lecture 48
40. **File Handling(Write JSON,CSV,TXT)**-Lecture 49
41. **File Handling(Reading Data )**------Lecture 50
42. **Date Time Module**------------------Lecture 51

## Topics Covered in Hard Level ==> Hard (Folder)

0.  **Encryption Program** ---------------Lecture 33
1.  **Hangman Game Program** -------------Lecture 34

## Author

Fairoz Ahmad Sheikh

### Contributions

If you find any errors or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to make a pull request!

&copy; 2024 Fairoz Ahmad Sheikh. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

⏰Alarm Clock But has issue and will be solved soon

README.md, after:

# Python Programming Topics

This repository contains a comprehensive list of topics covered in Python programming, ideal for learners and educators alike. Below is an outline of the topics and associated lectures.

## Topics Covered in Easy and Medium

1. **String, fstrings** ------------------Lecture 1 to 3
2. **Arithmetic and math related** -------Lecture 4 to 7
3. **Logical operators** -----------------Lecture 8
4. **Ternary operators** -----------------Lecture 9
5. **String Methods** --------------------Lecture 10 to 11
6. **Format Specifiers** -----------------Lecture 12
7. **Loops** -----------------------------Lecture 13 to 14
8. **Collections (List, Tuples, Sets)** --Lecture 15
9. **Exercise Programs (Collections)** ---Lecture 16
10. **Two Dimensional (Collections)** ----Lecture 17
11. **Quiz Game using (Collections)** ----Lecture 18
12. **Dictionaries (Collections)** -------Lecture 19
13. **Concession Stand (Dictionaries)** --Lecture 20
14. **Random Numbers Program** -----------Lecture 21
15. **Numbers Guessing Game** ------------Lecture 22
16. **Rock Paper Scissors** --------------Lecture 23
17. **Functions** ------------------------Lecture 24
18. **Iterables** ------------------------Lecture 25
19. **Membership Operators** -------------Lecture 26
20. **List Comprehensions** --------------Lecture 27
21. **Match Case Statement(Switch Case)**-Lecture 28
22. **Module** ---------------------------Lecture 29
23. **Variable Scope Scope Resolution** --Lecture 30
24. **Banking Program**-------------------Lecture 31
25. **Python Slot Machine(Game)**---------Lecture 32
26. **Object Oriented Programming**-------Lecture 35
27. **Class Variables**-------------------Lecture 36
28. **Inheritance**-----------------------Lecture 37
29. **Shopping Program**------------------Lecture 38
30. **Types of Inheritances**-------------Lecture 39
31. **Super Method**----------------------Lecture 40
32. **PolyMorphism (Duck Typing)**--------Lecture 41
33. **Static Methods**--------------------Lecture 42
34. **Class Methods**---------------------Lecture 43
35. **Magic Methods(Dunder Methods)**-----Lecture 44
36. **@ Property **-----------------------Lecture 45
37. **Decorators **-----------------------Lecture 46
38. **Exception Handling**----------------Lecture 47
39. **File Detection**--------------------Lecture 48
40. **File Handling(Write JSON,CSV,TXT)**-Lecture 49
41. **File Handling(Reading Data )**------Lecture 50
42. **Date Time Module**------------------Lecture 51

## Topics Covered in Hard Level ==> Hard (Folder)

0.  **Encryption Program** ---------------Lecture 33
1.  **Hangman Game Program** -------------Lecture 34

## Projects Covered in Hard Level ==> Projects (Folder)

0.  **Alarm Clock (With Music) ** --------Project 01

## Author

Fairoz Ahmad Sheikh

### Contributions

If you find any errors or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to make a pull request!

&copy; 2024 Fairoz Ahmad Sheikh. All rights reserved.
